lxxx ruu euuurur or uacuos.

originally applied to the Slavonians was extended ιο the
Germans as well.

Be this ae it may, it is nearly certain that either the Kelts
had no collective name for the Serta, or else, that that name
was Suco.

In regard to the details of tbe populations thus named, I
believe—

l. That the Sarni of Ariovistus were chiefly Chatti and
Cherusci, along with certain Slaronians from Saxouy and
Thuringia, and along with certain Gauls belonging to the
countries which called himin.

2. That the Suevi cf tbe Alemannic alliance were tha true
German ancestors of the present Suebians, originally of tbe
Germano-Roman frontier, alterwards (by eueroeohment) of
the Decumates agri - subsequcnt to tbe fourth century,
perhaps, calling themselves Suari, but till theu hnown by
various special names (Ncrlcrccocs, Dauduti, Chatti, Burgun-
dicuc, dxc.) in respect to their ethnology, and in respect ιο
tbeir political relations, sometimes Burgundian sometimes
Alemannic.

3. Tbat the Suevi Angili of Ptolemy were—

c. Northern Chatti described by Gallie informante, or-

b. Augles of the AugloSlavonic March, who, being Sanco
Germane, were known to tho Gauls tc be different from the
(lhatti, but not known to be different from the Slavonians of
the Elbe.

4. That the Saxcn Suevi were the same, except that tha
name Socero is ιο be aecouuted for differently. They occupied
the country theu huown as Sacocy.

5. Thac the Sucoc' of the cao (pagus) named Succos were
aeolony.

6. That such other Suevi as are mentioued in alliance with
any undoubted Slaronic nation east of the probable limite of
the true Alcracncoducoic conquests (say the bend of the
Danube) were Slavonians, οο designated by some of themora
eastern Gaulo.

7. Tbat tbe Snevi of Spain were one of two things :—

ο. Slavonians in alliance with the ciliman Vondcls (Sla-

vonic), or—

 

