cviii uns crunnus or uacuus

uf Thuringia on one side, and that of the Anyti and Varini
of Mechlenburg on the other, remeius.

I am inclined to believe in a colonication; at any rate, 1
am disinclined to lay eo much stress on the heading in
question, as to allow it to disturb-as l once* did-the
general and admitted ethnological differences between the
Scaea Angles and the Ilipla-Gemma Thuringians.

Still, to explain the similarity of name, conjoined with the
geographical contact of the duplas, by the assumption of a
colony, by no means explains the nearly contemporaneous
existence ef Varini and Vereri.

The doctrine of the rivers, however, does; the reasoning
running thus—

'l'here was more than one Slavonic river W-r,· end-

More than one Slavonic population that took its name from

such rivers.
Still, this is but hypothesis.

§xnuu nnn urrann.

This neme occurs in the Trareller's Song.

It hasbeen supposed to mean the people of the isle Am-
ro'm of Sleswick.

Also, the Ambroaes of the Cimbro-Teutonic invasion.

I think it means one of three things.

l. Humdrr'rauu or people of the lera-land, a name not
improbably applied to the East Riding of Yorlrshire and North
Lincolnshire‚ although at present we have only the compound
North-lumlerlnnd (North-tymdru-land) in an undoubted and
unexceptionable form. 0n the other hand, the British king,
Uther Pendregon, is made to say, ‘⁶ Vocabant rue semimor-
tuum Ambroaes isti, sed malo semimortuus eos superasse
quarn incolumis superari.'’-Sigebert, Gemblacensis, ad an.
466. Nennius places the Ambrones near the Picts.

2. Certain Old Saxeus :-“ Paulinus Eboracensis Archiepi·
scopus eos baptizavit et per xn. dies non cessavit baptizare
omne genus notrorum, id est, Aldsaxonum.'’—Nennius, ap.

Gale, i. 119.
⁶ ln my work un the English Lnnguage.

 

