neronoonnnl. cxxix

On the othon· hand, the notion thot the Harudes of the
army ol Ariovistus eamn from Jotlnnd is beeet with diffi-
oultien

§ nn. nnn onnosn.

Ι can only say that these are mentioned by (laesores parts
of the forces of Ariovistus.

ᾖ nnn. nnn oonnnnr, nnonnosrn conueniens, oennnrnorr, nnn
onnnr.

These are the tribes which Ptolem)⁷ places in the Cimbrio
Chersoneso. They ore now notioed in somewhot fuller detail
than before.

Pla elelandi-The doctrine that noeavtot may have been
eounded (locandi, and that the -d- may he non-mdical, by
which means we get nt their identity with the Olonico-oe:
Aviones is not illegitimate. Beyond this, there is no light
thrown upon the Colandi. Sec Epilcyomooo, ἕξ Acco end
Aviones.

Tho Mendesii—The ejection of the Pl and o, brings this
near to the name of the Eudoses in Tacitus. Beyond thio,
thero ie no light thrown on the Moderati-See Epiloqomcno,
§Amo

On the Siqolonoo, Saocttcyit, end oncle, there is neither
light nor speculation beyond what hasbeen suggested—See
Epileqomeno, §Acytt

Ptolemy’s details for the socelled (limbrio Chersonese,
are fuller than those of any other writer.

This may be a reason for their singularity.

Another may lie in the leot of his information being re-
seroble to a Slevonio or Keltio source rather then a German.

ξ nrv. nnn nnnnomnr.

The Ptcrodict ere placed by Ptolemy between the rivere
Ololoroe (Trebel) end Soedoe (Odor l).

δ Zenon suggesto that the true form ol the name is Σφαρα·
conoe.

Y

 

